whitney.gerkin@coxautoinc.com


I need an email and a page made in lume-ops-recon to whitney that explains in simple terms what lume-ops-recon is and how it's the build i wanted to present and is the natural and intended successor to lotopspro. it has to begin with a simple explanation of what lume is and how it is revolutionary in programming and how it protects the system deterministically and how it's self healing and learning but it's not AI!! that must be made clear. explain how it's natural language compiler and intent resolver accept natural spoken language and converts to code but don't make it too difficult to understand and most importantly make her understand how much different it is that the standard build and make sure we cover all the benefits. lightly touch on how this system is a substrate and can work across all segments of the industry. (i want it to be a very subtle hint at this is far bigger than just Manheim without saying it directly. maybe show how it could help across all Cox entities and she'll get the picture) we need to make it obvious that axiom could in fact be the AI in the system itself or as the AI assistant for drivers and other employees possibly even knowledge packed for specific jobs and needs. also explain lume-V and how it could be used to wrap their current systems. explain that this is something i was working on prior to my first presentation but i didn't think i would get audience so quickly (i had 1 evening to prepare)and this is the balance of what i wanted to show. This is not something i was developing for lotops pro specifically but it is one of 42 apps i have developed and this technology was meant for all of them and all future development. not made on company time or using any company resources or directed by anyone. just me and the time i can afford to put in and efficiency.maybe we can even link the DLA paper or add the pdf? i don't know. she is the assistant VP of business operations so we need to make sure we frame it all properly and make it ultra clear that this is new and this is safe. do we mention the patents pending? i want this to be a hard subtle sales pitch more or less haha